fixing typo and Icon size for AAP-20779 (#1214)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/proc-add-operator-execution-nodes.adoc

. In the navigation panel, select menu:Administration[Instances].
. Click btn:[Add].
. Input the VM name in the *Host Name* field.
. Optional: Input the port number in the *Listener Port* field.
. Click btn:[Save].

> . Click the download icon image:download.png[download,15,15]next to *Install Bundle*. This will start a download, take note of where you save the file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the download icon image:download.png[download,15,15]next to *Install Bundle*. This starts a download, take note of where you save the file.
```

Reviewer: Just a small tip as per the SG, avoid using future tense when possible:
https://docs.engineering.redhat.com/display/CCSENABLE/Future+tense
